Added other way to test vr in README.md (#33)
abbindustrigymnasium/VRregVast: README.md

If you have already done this on a VR headset, you can just select build and run, and it will do everything automatically. NOTE! The file will been replaced.

If you have questions, ask Olle or Simon.

### Unity Play Mode (May be unstable):

> Go to **Build Settings** -> **Player Settings** -> **OpenXR**, go to the Computer tab. In Enabled Interaction Profiles add **Valve Index Controller Profile** Start the Oculus App, make sure to update drivers. **Go to Settings** -> **General**, make sure that the **Unknown Sources** option is enabled. Allow all popups that come up in the Headset. Go to Quest Link then press launch. Prees the button with the computer screen in the dock on the bottom of the screen. Press play in Unity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to **Build Settings** -> **Player Settings** -> **OpenXR**, go to the Computer tab. In Enabled Interaction Profiles add **Valve Index Controller Profile** Start the Oculus App, make sure to update drivers. **Go to Settings** -> **General**, make sure that the **Unknown Sources** option is enabled. Allow all pop ups that come up in the Headset. Go to Quest Link then press launch. Press the button with the computer screen in the dock on the bottom of the screen. Press play in Unity.
```
